OSDOCS-5743: Documented the 4.11.37 z-stream release notes (#58905)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-11-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-11-36-updating"]
==== Updating

> All OpenShift Container Platform 4.11 users are advised that the only defect fixed in this release is limited to install time; therefore, there is no need to update previously installed clusters to this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All {product-title} 4.11 users are advised that the only defect fixed in this release is limited to install time; therefore, there is no need to update previously installed clusters to this version.
```

[id="ocp-4-11-37"]
=== RHBA-2023:1760 - {product-title} 4.11.37 bug fix

Issued: 2023-04-19

{product-title} release 4.11.37 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:1760[RHBA-2023:1760] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-2023:1759[RHBA-2023:1759] advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.11.37 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-11-37-updating"]
==== Updating

> All OpenShift Container Platform 4.11 users are advised that the only defect fixed in this release is limited to install time; therefore, there is no need to update previously installed clusters to this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update an existing {product-title} 4.11 cluster to this latest release, see xref:../updating/updating-cluster-cli.adoc#updating-cluster-cli[Updating a cluster using the CLI] for instructions.
```
